Although the Jiang family is rich and powerful in Beidu
It's a duke
But compared with our Kowloon Group
The difference is not a little bit
Keep a low profile in front of me in the future
Otherwise, flicking your fingertips will kill you
Lord True Dragon calm down
Let's keep a low profile in the future, keep a low profile
Hahaha my seventh young brother
Didn't you just rely on Jiang Jiang to be very arrogant?
How can you be a coward and become a grandson?
So you're really just a liar.
I have no ability at all
Just brag
Forget it, the goddaughter has to care about such a little person
Let's sign the contract first
Collaboration is a big deal.
But godfather, you must promise me
Jiang Bin just threatened me
You must help me wake up Jiang Jiang
Don't worry, it will be arranged later.
I will let Jiang Tianlong come to Yuncheng in person
Kneel down and apologize
Thank you godfather
Jiang Baguio continues to be arrogant
Why are you not arrogant?
And you continue to pretend to be your big shot?
Make me regret dumping you
After I sign the contract with Kowloon Group's trillion-dollar investment
I will take Down's to the world
And you
At most, they rely on the Jiang family to eat soft rice and sell fried noodles
Is it hard?
Just now, Lord Zunlong said that he would teach the Jiang family a lesson
Can the Jiang family still gain a foothold in Beidu?
The Jiang family themselves are obsessed with Bodhisattva crossing the river
What else does he rely on?
Ah, I forgot about this one
Jiang Cai fell
Then you can only be reduced to selling fried noodles on the street
Hahahaha
Forget it.
Goddaughter, don't follow us ants to waste your words
Let's sign the contract first
Good godfather, hurry up and put the copy
I want everyone to witness this prosperous world together
The trillion-dollar investment of Kowloon Group and Tangmen Group
It will surely cause a sensation in the entire Yuncheng
Stop busy
You can't sign this contract